Thank you very much, everyone, for participating. Thank you very much for coming. Thank you very
much.
Thank you very much to everyone. Thank you.
This morning I'm going to offer the transformation of the Ngondro practices, both the short and
longer
work of the five years on the Jyurumaki, or the new lineage. And then, after that, I'm going to go
over kind of brief summary meaning of the teachings, all those points. Really, I'll go over that,
just in reminding to all of us, to you and to me, that this is our foundation practices,
not just foundation practices, but this is our really central column of practices of the
every instance we follow in the teaching of the Buddha Dharma, particularly Ngondro teachings.
There are many, definitely generally Ngondros in the teaching, but no matter whatever the teacher
taught, the essence is the same, meaning is the same, and particularly Ngondro teachings.
And then, so therefore, this is, we all do this Ngondro practice. This is really foundation,
this is the central column, and this is our final achievement, this Ngondro practice is.
So that way, Ngondro practice is so important. It's also why it's so important, it's a condensed
meaning, condensed teaching of the entire Buddha's teaching. As I said yesterday, I mean, you know,
the Buddha gave for 45 years the teachings. Those teachings are divided, so many groups,
or nayana teachings. The condensed practice, to put in the practice, the essence of the essence of
teachings, from all the teachings, from the Theravada or the Khandeghya teaching,
all the Vedayana teachings, this Ngondro is essence, essence and condensate, so we can easily
put practices. Otherwise, the Buddha teaching is every, in the teaching said, every teaching,
every words of the Buddha teaching, is teaching so special. But however, if we like, if we like
to follow those teachings, it's long, it's big. In the Theravada teaching, there is over a hundred
volumes of the only Buddha's teaching. Our lives spend, even we have time, even we have the
dedication, motivation, commitment, to spend time to read all this. And therefore, like that is,
it really takes so long, and we can't observe everything unless we are so genius as like
Great Master Lumchimpa, Great Master Ramana. But then you say this moment you read, and that
photograph memory, they all understand. But for us, it's very difficult. So therefore,
they are for great masters. So practice linear, those masters for the condensate. So this is so
special. That's the, this is the path. All these enlightenment beings with the daras went,
rich enlightenment. And now, people, those practitioners are practicing, and those people
who will follow to the path, they will practice. So we are one great highway. Now, unmistakably,
it will lead us to the destination, our goal of the realization by practice of the Mundra. It's
so, so special. So first, I will give the transmission of this Mundra, this true short one,
and the longer ones. So as you know, and so now, I will give the transmission. And transmission,
of course, we all know, is order transmission, or order lineage, or speak empowerment in one way,
according to teaching. And so I will be the first and short one I will do.